Street network modifications docs (#1108)
conveyal/analysis-ui: docs/edit-scenario/modifications.md

.. _custom:
### Custom
The custom modification type allows us to try out new development features that are not yet generally supported. _You should not use this modification type without consulting with your support team; an improper configuration may produce errors during analysis._

## Street Network Modifications
.. note::
   Modifications effecting the street network were introduced in June of 2020 and are being considered an experimental release. Later releases will likely change some aspects of these modifications. 

Both street modification types require specifying mode-specific access restrictions for the three supported transit access and egress modes: **walking**, **cycling**, and **driving**. 

<figure>
  <img src="../img/street-mod-settings.png" alt="street properties"/>
  <figcaption></figcaption>
</figure>

> If access for a given mode is enabled, you will need to enter an impedance property for that mode. *Impedance* is a term used in accessibility analysis refering generally to the relative cost or difficulty of taking one route or another. Here we use slightly different definitions specific to each mode. Each interacts in specific ways with the settings configured for an analysis. 
> 
> Average **walking speed** is configured during analysis, but can be scaled here by a constant factor specific to the street or streets being added. This could be useful for example when ???.
> 
> The same scalar factor is also available for **cycling**, with the additional variable *level of traffic stress*. You can configure the maximum acceptable level of traffic stress for your analysis with the effect that streets beyond this threshold will be traversed at walking speed. See [here](https://blog.conveyal.com/better-measures-of-bike-accessibility-d875ae5ed831) for more details. 
> 
> Finally, if **driving** is enabled, you must enter a constant speed in kilometers per hour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If access for a given mode is enabled, you will have options to set corresponding properties. 

The default **walk time factor** and **bike time factor** values of 1 will have no effect on results. For baseline street networks built with custom generalized cost or impedance values, values other than 1 can be set, which will scale the amount of time it takes to traverse these links. For example, if you are routing by "perceived" time, a pleasant street might have a walk time factor less than 1, while a high-traffic unpleasant street might have a walk time factor greater than 1. Contact your support team for more details.

*Bike level of traffic stress* can be used to set the level of traffic stress for street links added or modified by the modification. Streets beyond the Maximum level of traffic stress set in an analysis will be traversed at walking speed. See [here](https://blog.conveyal.com/better-measures-of-bike-accessibility-d875ae5ed831) for more details. 

Finally, if **driving** is enabled, you must enter a constant speed in kilometers per hour. 
```

.. _add_streets
### Add Streets

> The **add streets** modification allows you to add new links to the street network, making new walking, cycling, and/or driving connections to or around your transit network. Each new street or set of streets is characterised by mode-specific access restrictions and travel impedences. Each modification allows one or more new streets to be drawn on the map and attributes of these streets are set at the level of the modification. This means a modification can include several new streets each with the same properties. For example you might use one modification to add several footbridges to your network and another for a new network of shared-use bike paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **add streets** modification allows you to add new links to the street network, making new walking, cycling, and/or driving connections. Each new street or set of streets is characterised by mode-specific access restrictions and travel impedences. Each modification allows one or more new streets to be drawn on the map and attributes of these streets are set at the level of the modification. This means a modification can include several new streets each with the same properties. For example you might use one modification to add several footbridges to your network and another for a new network of shared-use bike paths.
```

Once you've created the modification, you can add streets to the map by clicking the line icon on the right side of the map. This allows you to draw a line which will be linked to the street network only at the first and last points. To finish a polyline, click again on the final point or select "finish" from the editing menu. 

<figure>
  <img src="../img/add-street.png" alt="editing streets"/>
  <figcaption>Adding a simple pedestrian connection over a railway</figcaption>
</figure>

To create a line connecting to the existing network at several points, you will need to create multiple lines. Click the line icon again to start drawing a second polyline starting from the same point. 

> You can also edit existing lines by clicking on the edit layers icon. This will allow you to add, move, or delete nodes. To delete a whole line, click on the trash can icon and then click somewhere on the line. Be sure to hit save when your satisfied with your edits. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also edit previously drawn lines by clicking on the edit layers icon. This will allow you to add, move, or delete nodes. To delete a whole line, click on the trash can icon and then click somewhere on the line. Be sure to hit save when you are satisfied with your edits. 
```

.. _modify_streets
### Modify Streets
This modification allows you to assign new access and impedance properties to existing streets in your :term:`baseline network`. Rather than selecting individual streets, it uses a polygon selection to apply the modification to all streets within the selected area. This is useful for applying changes to areas or corridors. 
As an example, you might use this to identify a neighborhood or corridor where traffic calming measures will be implemented and model this by reducing bicycle traffic stress and decreasing driving speeds or eliminating automotive access altogether.

> Similar to the Add Streets modification, properties are set at the level of the modification, and multiple areas can be specified. Thus, seperate modifications are needed to specify different types of areas. 

Reviewer: Nice summary
